how to make California roll or Rumaki
hello and welcome to videojug
Aramaki is a sushi roll made with the
rice on the outside and the seaweed on
the inside
Aramaki can be made with a number of
different fillings we are going to make
it with a crab avocado and mayonnaise
filling this is known as a California
roll or a Maki step one you will need
nori which are dried seaweed sheets
sushi rice a bamboo sushi rolling mat
call'em a kazoo a sharp knife and a bowl
of water for the filling you will need
crab meat avocado prepared into strips
mayonnaise you will also need row like
this sea smelt Roe as a finishing touch
here they are again
nori sushi rice rolling mat sharp knife
bowl of water crabmeat avocado strips
mayonnaise roe step 2 lay it out place
the rolling mat on a flat surface we
have covered it in cling film so it can
be cleaned easily
lay the nori that's the seaweed on top
closest to the edge that is nearest you
moisten your hands in the bowl of water
then spread a thin layer of the
specially prepared sushi rice on top of
the nori make sure the rice evenly
covers the nori and press it down firmly
ensuring the rice is stuck without
mashing the kernels step 3
arrange the fillings flip the nori over
so that it lies rice side down lay the
avocado strips horizontally across the
center of the nori squeeze a line of
mayonnaise next to this if your
mayonnaise is not in a squeezy container
you can use a knife to spread a thin
line instead arrange the crab on top of
the mayonnaise make sure the fillings
lie evenly as this will make for a
better roll step 4
roll carefully lift up the side of the
map nearest you and fold it over to make
a cylindrical shape tucking the edge of
the nori with your fingers
to make a complete roll continue
pressing the roll gently using your
fingers to compress and shape the
uramaki make sure not to press it too
hard but do ensure it's of a good even
size
step 5 row to complete the roll place
the Aramaki in a container of roe and
keep turning it until it's covered if
you don't have such a large amount of
roe you could use your hands to press
the ROE into the roll
step six slice it up cut the roll in to
lay the two sides parallel to each other
and slice them into six pieces like this
top tip tipping the end of your knife in
the water bowl will make it easier to
slice cleanly through the roll
step 7 presentation turn each slice on
its side allowing you to see the colors
and pattern of the fillings and display
on a serving plate
done
you